fix: EOS and EOL language update (#680)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: vcluster/deploy/upgrade/supported_versions.mdx

vCluster follows a regular release cadence and adheres to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). We recommend that users run the latest stable release to stay up to date with new features and security patches.  

Due to the rapid development of the platform, each minor version receives active support for 3 months after its release. Active support ends on the End of Support (EOS) end date. After the EOS end date, the version enters End of Life (EOL), during which only critical security updates are backported. During active support, updates from the active development branch can be backported upon request.

> Any versions not listed under EOS or EOL are no longer supported.

Author: ```suggestion
Versions not listed under End of Support (EoS) or End of Life (EoL) are considered unsupported.
```

> <SupportedVersions />

Reviewer: Wouldn't this need to get updated also ?
